hello ladies and gentlemen patrick with you
devi today i would like to show you
one very interesting smog which
running in round one at 21 at 3 when you
stand for terra numbers of victims from a bomb on
arms and you want to fuck guys then
smog is very simple
you pick up to this corner
point to the sixth balcony along with yew
You see the round wheel as it writes to me
VKontakte if something does not fold
You see the round wheel and point to
clamp a grenade in the middle and start
well you start to run and jump and then
There is a repeat about me that I
now I will do everything grenade flies
grenade flies
she puts here that is a guy
playing the body of a guy playing
forex guy says that
scatter
knowing that you're alone and seeing that
bain is coming
go to b
thus you do not go out at this time
there- eliz carpets neatly
check you put a bomb aggressive and
occupy somewhere in the neighbor occupy
near position on unexpected
boys go
get in the cradle and you just give 1 2
headshots third in the collector path
take it pretty pretty
simple smog is very easy
there get up here direct to the sixth
beam and everything and in the jump throw is given
very able and easy I think easy
repeat any player in counter strike
and this could you really find
a lot of the stupid ass matchmaking
most taking around for their team in
general subscribe to the channel stavti
likes if you like videos in this
format
I will write data in phike
see you soon